bluetooth: fast_pair: Align cooperative thread approach (#14221)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated:

    * Improved the :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library documentation to include the description of the missing Kconfig options.

>     * Strengthen requirements regarding thread context of Fast Pair API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Strengthen requirements regarding the thread context of Fast Pair API calls.
```

      More functions are required to be called in the cooperative thread context.

>     * Disallowed calling the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb_register` function when the Fast Pair is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_info_cb_register` function is now not called when the Fast Pair is enabled.
```

Author: Maybe `is now not allowed to be called when the Fast Pair is enabled.`? That would be more accurate.
